feat(browser-support): Adding browser-update configuration for php and js storybook(s) - front-1388 (#518)
ec-europa/ecl-twig: README.md

# ECL-Twig Library

[![Build Status](https://drone.fpfis.eu/api/badges/ec-europa/ecl-twig/status.svg)](https://drone.fpfis.eu/ec-europa/ecl-twig)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![lerna](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintained%20with-lerna-cc00ff.svg)](https://lernajs.io/)

The ECL-Twig is a library of [twig](https://twig.symfony.com/) templates, implementing the Europa Component Library (ECL) vanilla components.
ECL is a library of components applicable to all European Commission websites (hosted under europa.eu and ec.europa.eu domains), the library contains all the available components to build your website.

For information on how to use the ECL library please refer to the information available in the [ECL docs](https://github.com/ec-europa/europa-component-library/blob/v2-dev/docs/README.md)

> The twig implementation of the ECL components is meanly meant to serve [Drupal 8](http://drupal.org) applications, therefore the version of twig in use is "1.x".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The twig implementation of the ECL components is mainly meant to serve [Drupal 8](http://drupal.org) applications, therefore the version of twig in use is "1.x".
```

## EC/EU

> ECL is a library used both for EC (European Commission) and EU (European Union) websites, it comes indeed with two sets of distributes resources (css, js) for the two institutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECL is a library used both for EC (European Commission) and EU (European Union) websites, it comes with two sets of distributes resources (css, js) for the two institutions.
```

> Although they sometimes differ in style, in the current v2 version, the html markup is just the same, ECL-Twig is shipping one single component that can be used both while working on an EC or EU website, indeed, the template is not aware of the "system" in use, it doesn't need to be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although they may differ in style, in the current v2 version, the HTML markup is the same. ECL-Twig is shipping one single component that can be used while working on both EC and EU website. Templates are not system-aware because they don't need to be.
```

## The ECL-Twig website(s)

> ECL-Twig is capable of rendering the twig templates using both a javascript implementation of twig (twing) and twig as a php package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECL-Twig is capable of rendering twig templates using both a javascript implementation of twig (twing) and twig as a php package.
Two different instances of [Storybook](http://storybookjs.org) are distributed:
```

Two different instances of [Storybook](http://storybookjs.org) are distributed:

> - [ECL-Twig Js](https://ecl-twig-js.netlify.com) - interactive (renders the twig templates)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ECL-Twig JS](https://ecl-twig-js.netlify.com) - interactive (renders the twig templates)
```

> - [ECL-Twig Php](https://ecl-twig-php.netlify.com) - static (renders html files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ECL-Twig PHP](https://ecl-twig-php.netlify.com) - static (renders html files)
```

The two versions EC/EU are available as a separated storybook instance in the two websites, the first page offers a simple choice between the two.

### Browser support

Unfortunately the ECL-Twig websites are not usable with Internet Explorer, in any version.

Also the support to Edge is limited to the latest releases.

## ECL-Twig components

The components released by ECL-Twig are node packages containing at least one `.html.twig` file (the component templates) and a `README.md` file with the documentation of the data structure supported by the component and an example of an include code for the template.

> The [ECL-Twig Js](https://ecl-twig-js.netlify.com) website can be used to fully customise a component through the available "knobs" (interactive fields) for then getting a valid include code in the "notes" tab, the website offers also a demo of the `ECL compliance` tool available in the library, in the "validation" tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [ECL-Twig JS](https://ecl-twig-js.netlify.com) website can be used to customize a component through "knobs". (interactive fields) Such tweaks provide valid include code in the "notes" tab. The website offers also a demo of the `ECL compliance` tool available in the library, in the "validation" tab.
```

> The [ECL-Twig Js](https://ecl-twig-js.netlify.com) website can be used to fully customise a component through the available "knobs" (interactive fields) for then getting a valid include code in the "notes" tab, the website offers also a demo of the `ECL compliance` tool available in the library, in the "validation" tab.

Reviewer: This part is particularly interesting for the reader I think, you could create a GIF to demo the interactivity and add it in a [details](https://gist.github.com/ericclemmons/b146fe5da72ca1f706b2ef72a20ac39d) element.
